doc: update README for v0.3.0 (#19)
axelarnetwork/axelarate-community: Exercises/exercise_1_btc_transfer_cli.md

  ```

  Wait for verification to be confirmed (~10 Axelar blocks, ~50 secs).
  Eventually, you'll see something like this in the node terminal:

  `threshold of 2/3 has been met for bitcoinVerifyTx7d097730bbeba835e21dc0d953d4b1c3e42a6bf0da03e70f01a6bb0c1b71183c:1:`

5. Trigger signing of the transfers to Ethereum

  ```
  axelarcli tx ethereum sign-pending-transfers --from validator -y -b block
  -> returns commandID of signed tx
  -> wait for sign protocol to complete (~10 blocks)
  ```

  Look for commandID and its valud in the output: `"key": "commandID",
    "value": "d5e993e407ff399cf2770a1d42bc2baf5308f46632fcbe209318acb09776599f"`

6. Send the previous command to Ethereum
  ```
  axelarcli q ethereum sendCommand {commandID} {address of account that should send this tx}
  ```
  e.g., for the testnet, we allow you to use our address as the sender = `0xE3deF8C6b7E357bf38eC701Ce631f78F2532987A`
  ```
  axelarcli q ethereum sendCommand 96c8dba428dbb0ce94ebd49eb342a13e8844630d28f80b8d8708324f0642cb3d 0xE3deF8C6b7E357bf38eC701Ce631f78F2532987A
  ```

>   So use the above command, and just replace the `commandID` with your own.

Author: I'd say no. It's part of the exercise. 😄

You can now open Metamask, add the custom asset (Bitcoin) with contract address (ask Axelar on discord if you can't find it) and see the minted Bitcoin tokens appear in it.

> ### Burn ERC20 wrapped Bitcoin tokens and obtain native Satoshi

Author: I'll rephrase it so that we don't need to worry about these.

> ### Burn ERC20 wrapped Bitcoin tokens and obtain native Satoshi

Reviewer: should we have a sep file where we for the active testnet we specify:
1. versions 
2. contract address
3. address of eth account that will be the sender
4. anything else?

> ### Burn ERC20 wrapped Bitcoin tokens and obtain native Satoshi

Author: For 1 and 2, some kind of "CHANGELOG" would be great. 2 isn't strictly a CHANGELOG thing, but I can't find a better word. I'll add a section for 3 in the README.

> ### Burn ERC20 wrapped Bitcoin tokens and obtain native Satoshi

Author: What do you mean by versions? @sergeynog

> ### Burn ERC20 wrapped Bitcoin tokens and obtain native Satoshi

Reviewer: release version we use from docker hub for the active testnet

3. Confirm the Ethereum transaction

  ```
  axelarcli tx ethereum confirm-erc20-deposit {txID} {amount} {deposit addr} --from validator -y -b block
  -> wait for transaction to be confirmed (~10 Axelar blocks)
  ```

  Here, amount should be specific in Satoshi. (For instance, 0.0001BTC = 10000)
  e.g.,

  ```
  axelarcli tx ethereum confirm-erc20-deposit 0x01b00d7ed8f66d558e749daf377ca30ed45f747bbf64f2fd268a6d1ea84f916a 10000  0x5CFEcE3b659e657E02e31d864ef0adE028a42a8E --from validator -y -b block
  -> wait for verification to be confirmed (~10 Axelar blocks)
  ```

4. Trigger signing of all pending transfers to Bitcoin

  ```
  axelarcli tx bitcoin sign-pending-transfers {tx fee} --from validator -b block -y
  -> wait for sign protocol to complete (~10 Axelar blocks)
  ```

 e.g.,

  ```
  axelarcli tx bitcoin sign-pending-transfers 0.0001btc --from validator -b block -y
  ```
5. Submit the transfer to Bitcoin

  ```
  axelarcli q bitcoin rawTx
    -> Return raw transaction in hex encoding

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestiion
```
```
the code block here is not properly ended and bleeds into the next block

    You can then copy the raw transaction and send it to bitcoin testnet with bitcoin's JSON-RPC API, or a web interface such as https://live.blockcypher.com/btc/pushtx/

> 🛑 **IMPORTANT: Confirm outpoints of previous withdrawal tx (repeat for each outpoint)**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
🛑 **IMPORTANT: Confirm the outpoint that returns the change (when in doubt, confirm all outpoints of this transaction)**
```

Without this step, other users of the testnet will be unable to withdraw their wrapped tokens. Be a good citizen and confirm the outpoints!

> 1. Confirm the Bitcoin outpoint

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Confirm the Bitcoin outpoint
```
